How to Prepare a Release of Chainmaille Designer

Tools Needed

Visual Studio 2022 Community Edition or equivalent
Microsoft Visual Studio Installer Projects 2022 (an extension for Visual Studio 2022)
Microsoft Word or equivalent
chmProcessor

Process

Open the solution in Visual Studio.
Select the ChainmailleDesigner project.
Open project properties for the ChainmailleDesigner project (right click, select Properties).
On the Application tab, select the Assembly Information button.
In the dialog that appears, update the Assembly version and File version, and, if necessary, the copyright.
Click OK to close the dialog, then the Save button to save the changes.
Select the Setup project.
In the properties window (*not* the property pages), update the Version property.
Save the change.

Using Word (or equivalent) make any necessary revisions to the Chainmaille Designer Users Manual.docx file in Documentation\Users Manual to describe new or altered features.
Save the revised users' manual.
If changes were made to the users' manual, from the Documentation directory, open the Chainmaille Designer Help.WHC. This displays the chmProcessor tool with the Chainmaille Designer Help project loaded.
Click the Generate button and confirm the replacement of files. When file generation is complete, click the Accept button and close the chmProcessor window.
The chmProcessor tool converts the users' manual word document into 1) a series of web help (HTML) files in Documentation\WebHelp and 2) a PDF users' manual in Documentation.

Using Word (or equivalent) modify the Chainmaille Designer Release Notes.rtf file in the Documentation directory to describe the version being released.
Save the changes to the release notes.

Back in Visual Studio, rebuild the solution using the Release configuration.

Note: The chmProcessor is not terribly consistent about how it numbers the image files for the web help. This can cause mismatches between the list of files to be included by the installer and the list of files placed by the chmProcessor into the Documentation\WebHelp\Chainmaille Designer Users Manual_files directory. When this occurs, the Visual Studio rebuild will report that it could not find image003.png or image024.jpg. Typically, a jpg was assigned a number that had previously been assigned to a png image. The remedy is to go to the File System (Setup) pane for the install project, drill down to the Application Folder\Help\Chainmaille Designer Users Manual_files folder (on the left side), then remove the files that couldn't be found from the file list (on the right side). Then, open up the Documentation\WebHelp\Chainmaille Designer Users Manual_files directory in a file browser, select the "missing" files there, and control-drag them into the installer file list from which their counterparts were deleted. Once this is done, rebuilding the solution should be successful. If images were added to or removed from the manual, a similar issue arises; simply ensure that the installer's file list corresponds exactly to all of the files created by the chmProcessor before rebuilding.

Test the Chainmaille Designer Setup.msi that was updated by the setup project in Setup/Release.
Note: Currently, any previous version of Chainmaille Designer must be uninstalled through the Windows Control Panel before a new version can be installed.

Copy the Chainmaille Designer Setup.msi file from Setup/Release to the base ChainmailleDesigner directory (the parent of the Setup directory) so that it is easier for users to find.
